Student Activity: Warm-Up Quiz

What is a program that would monitor every keystroke the victim enters?

 Sniffer
 Virus
		XX KeyloggerXX
 Smurf
Choose the most correct definition: What is a worm?

 It's a form of eavesdropping between two network devices, involving spoofed packets.
 It's a type of DoS attack sued to gain access, or shut down remote servers by overflowing them with random packets.
	xxIt's when malware is file-binded into applications or media files.
		It's a self-replicating form of malware. 

Which of the following has the ability to replicate themselves?

 Trojans
	XX Viruses
  Worms 
 Zombies
Which of the following is a software that steals and sends peoples private information?

 Ransomware
	XX Spyware XX
 Worms
 Zombies
True or False: The reason why Trojans are so affective is because the hacker is able to change the signature, and avoid detection?
True

Which of the following changes their signatures every time they replicate?

 Ransomware
[ ]Spyware
 	XX Polymorphic Viruses XX
 Zombies
To be able to take control early in the boot process, some viruses reside in the

 Memory
	XX Boot sector XX
[ ]Flash drive
 Hard disk
Which of the following is NOT a type of malware?

 Worms
 Spyware
 Ransomeware
	XX Bugs XX
Between Viruses and Worms, which are capable of spreading on their own, without the user having to interact with it?
Worms

Which of the following best describes a rootkit?

 It's malware that uses social engineering techniques.
 It's malware that intercepts packets in transit without being stored onto a target machine.
 It's malware that propagates without a specific target.
 	XX It's a type of malware that is used to backdoor a target machine while attempting to remain hidden XX
Which of the following used to list all of the shared resources on a remote host?

 Netstat
	XX Net view XX
 Network
 Netcat
What is SNMP an acronym for?

 Sender Null Modulation Protocol
 Service Net Modulation Protocol
 	XX Simple Network Management Protocol XX
 Simplified Node Management Protocol
Which argument will be used for OS detection in Nmap?

 -G
 -L
 -S
	xx -O
A Null session is when someone connects with:

 Username:admin, password:blank
 Username:root, password:root
	xx No username or password
 Username:random, password:blank
What will the following nmap command accomplish? NMAP -sS -O -p 123,153 192.168.100.4

 A stealth scan, opening port 123 and 153
 A stealth scan, determine the operating system, and scanning of ports 123 and 153
	xx A stealth scan checking all open ports excluding ports 123 and 153
What will the following nmap command accomplish? NMAP -sS -O -p 123-153 192.168.100.4?

	xx A stealth scan, determine the operating system, and scanning of ports 123 through 153
 A TCP-connect scan, determine the operating system, and scanning of ports 123 and 153
 A stealth scan checking all open ports excluding ports 123 and 153
 A SYN scan, opening port 123 and 153
Which of the following best describes banner grabbing?

	 It is used to map a web server
 It is used to remove those ads from webpages
	xx It is used to acquire embedded scripting from web pages
 It is used to acquire HTML source code
An nmap scan of a server shows port 25 is open. Which of the following would be describe the risk if you were to leave the port open?

25 is smtp

 Web portal data leak
 Clear text authentication
Open printer sharing
 	xx Active mail relay
Regarding port enumeration, which port does DNS zone transfer use?
DNS is on 53

 UDP port 161
 TCP/UDP port 389
 TCP port 137
	xx TCP port 53
Which of the following is best sed to describe analyzing a firewall for vulnerabilities?

	xx Firewalking
 Firewalling
 Firechalking
 Firescaling
You are sent to scan a remote host using nmap. Which of the following scan types is the BEST choice to gather the most information while minimizing the chance of detection?

 TCP connect scan (-sT)
 Xmas scan (-sX)
 UDP scan (-sU)
	xx SYN scan (-sS)
You are asked to access a server at a particular IP address. The server does not respond to ping requests, what could be the reason(s)? (PLEASE SELECT ALL THAT APPLY)

 	xx The host is down
 	xx Server configured not to respond to ping
 Firewall blocks TCP
	xx Firewall blocks ICMP
Which command would you issue to scan all TCP ports on 192.168.1.1?

 nmap -p 0,65535 192.168.1.1
 nmap -p 1,65536 192.168.1.1
 nmap -p 192.168.1.1
	xx nmap -p 0-65535 192.168.1.1
Which of the following nmap arguments are used to perform a Null scan:

 -sS
 -sP
 	xx-sN
 -sF
To perform a 'FIN scan' in nmap, which of the following arguments would you use?

 -SF
 -fs
	xx -sF
 -FIN
Most scan attempts can be detected and flagged by:

 Proxy
	xx IDS
 Router
 Switch
Which of these scan types in nmap would make a full TCP connection to the target system?

 XMAS scan
	xx TCP connect scan
 All of these
 SYN stealth scan