
	
On the .pcapng 'my.pcapng' you can see a lot of traffic for a network that only has 3 active devices connected to it. The three active devices which were connected were an iphone, a laptop, and an amazon firestick which was playing music. The UDP signal from the firestick can clearly be seen as it broadcasts from a mac address, related to that Mac address are also active ARP broadcasts, likely trying to resolve the mac address of a given ip for broadcasting. However there was a UDP connection which was fairly suspicious and unknown, and the was the Google Quick UDP Internet Connections ( GQUIC ). In the info about this connection it mentions 'payload ( encrypted )'. 

Upon further investigation into some of these GQUIC packets, tags can be seen, hinting that some sort of connection is being established. A list is provided with all the tags being sent over the connection. The tags consist of PDMD ( proof demand ) and COPT ( connection options ). These could be simple apart of the protocol being used, however they are not found in every packet containing the protocol in question. The size of these payloads are '1.392' kilobytes, and they are fairly consistent and numerous. This protocol is communicating over port '53530' and on the local network port '443'. The source and the destination upon which this protocol is communicating upon are two distinct mac addresses. GQUIC is apart of the QUIC protocol. QUIC is an experimental transport layer protocol designed  by Google. It is described as being a TCP, HTTPs connection implemented over UDP. Due to TCP is implemented on the lower layers, this type of connection doesn't give much malleability, so the connection is implemented over the UDP protocol. Most chrome browser internet applications utilize this connection type. 

On the packet stream was an unfamiliar protocol NBNS. Upon looking at the stream of NBNS, it seems that the protocol has something to do with the network connection, possible something to do with it being a home network. Under the info column, the tags 'WORKGROUP' and 'HP0DBDAF'. HP0DBDAF seems to be the HP wireless printer, while WORKGROUP is the home network connection. My assumption is that this protocol regards network switching.

Upon further investigation, NBNS is more commonly known as NetBIOS Naming Service. In NetBIOS ach participant must register on the network using a unique name. On legacy machines, a broadcast is sent out to verify if anyone is already using that name. NBNS can implement a central repository saving and recording all name registrations. Any application that would want to register a name would simple need to contact the NBNS server, vastly shortening the process. NDNS is encapsulated in UDP and the packet format of this service are very similar to DNS. The service has many modes, one being a session service that allows two computers to establish a connection for a conversation of large amounts of data, as well as it provides error handling. The general service also provides Datagram distribution service ( DDS ) which is connectionless as it acts upon UDP. A datagram is sent with a specific target packet known as "Direct Unique" or "Direct Group". This service can be found to be vulnerable.
